Email - sm798207@gmail.com
Name-Shubham Meena
Student Code - fw12_292
Batch - web12

1. Why was Malala targeted by the Taliban?                             
*
--> Any group in the world normally forms to follow and spread the ideology and 
their belief. now  they try other people should also believe in them they will 
find some people who will support and also who will oppose. this will create a 
threat on the group now in this incident they want girls dont need education so 
dont need  to go to school. if a girl like malala step forward and try to stop 
them or try to spread awareness in people that this is against basic human rights 
people will start believing in her and start supporting her also. so to remove the
 obstacle and to set the example for other people who people will oppose them this 
 will be their fate taliban targeted malala

2. What does Malala want for all girls?

--> Malala wants all girls in the world to have the basic opportunity of going to
 school. 

3. Write another title for the article instead of Malala’s Journey.

--> one's beliefs another's agany

4. What do you think Malala might be when she grows up? 

 -->After going through such things and still fighting for what is right.I firmly
  believe that she will definitely become  the person who will continue to fight 
  for what is right and will become an example of strength and perseverance

5. How do you think Malala feels on November 10 every year? Why? 
-->after been shot if she had stopped what she was fighting for she could have 
gone into depression and maybe she could have suffered trauma for her whole
 life but she continued to fight. but a person who is strong  as her maybe 
 feel some stress but never she will never let her self go in self doubt 
 and will never stop doing what she is figthing for.
6. What would you like to change in your country?

-->i would like change the approach towards education in my country i believe the way we educate students need to change some step has been taken already but not in full force

7. ‘Though she has no concrete plans to return to Pakistan, Malala still speaks out as a voice for change in her country, and everywhere.’

Write the word in the sentence above that means the opposite of vague; abstract; flimsy

-->concrete

 8. The United Nations declared November 10 `Malala Day.’

Rewrite the sentence above in the passive voice. 


 -->November 10th has  declared  `Malala Day' by united nations
9. Change the sentence below into the present continuous tense. Rewrite the sentence in the space below. (______/ 1 mark) 

‘After the attack in 2012, support for Malala poured in from around the world.

-->support for malala being poured from around the world after the attack of 2012


part B logical

--> The first customer of a Pyramid scheme is the most gullible


Who is the moderator?
-> kate

Where does Jarrod sit?
-> seat1

What occupation does Jarrod hold?
--> an explorer

Who is the writer? 
--> heloise


